Update Sidekiq documentation link (#7175)
DataDog/integrations-core: sidekiq/README.md

          end
   ```

>     See the Sidekiq [Pro][6] and [Enterprise][7] documentation for more information, and the [Datadog Ruby][14] documentation for further configuration options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    See the Sidekiq [Pro][6] and [Enterprise][7] documentation for more information, and the [Dogstatsd Ruby][4] documentation for further configuration options.
```
